♪ Opening Song
[NARRATOR] All pirates searching
for the treasure One Piece
must brave the second
half of the Grand Line.
These wild and dangerous seas
are known as the New World.
Gold Roger and his crew
were the only men to ever
chart these waters and learn
all the secrets they held.
For the rest of the
pirates in the world,
this has proven to be
the end of the road.
A graveyard of dreams.
[NARRATOR]
Now, Monkey D. Luffy,
a boy whose body became rubber
after eating the Gum-Gum Fruit,
sets sail into the New World
with his faithful crew.
I'm gonna be the
King of the Pirates!
[NARRATOR] After a series
of fierce battles,
the Straw Hat Pirates
have reached the waters
of the New World, ruled by
the Four Emperors.
Their first stop is Punk Hazard,
an island divided into
burning and frozen halves.
There, they learn of terrifying
experiments performed
by the master of the island,
Caesar Clown.
Their struggles against the mad
scientist cause them to form
an alliance with Trafalgar Law,
one of the Seven
Warlords of the Sea.
Do you remember the
plan we discussed?
Yeah. You're gonna
come up with some sort of
distraction to get Caesar and
the bird-lady out of the room.
Then I'll look for
information about the drug.
[NARRATOR]
With the island in chaos,
Luffy prepares to face
off with Caesar himself.
[CAESAR CLOWN] And then, boys
and girls, the show will begin.
A recreation of the explosion
from four years ago.
And you have front row seats.
Now. Prepare for
destruction on a scale
that you've never
witnessed before.
Soon, it shall run wild!
A weapon so powerful, that it
kills everything in its path.
Who could possibly
invent such a thing
but the world's
preeminent scientist?
That's me, the one and
only Caesar Clown,
at your service.
[groans]
Got you now, Master!
[LUFFY]
"An Intense Battle!
Caesar Exercises
His True Power!"
[BROOK] That creature.
It's a slime, isn't it?
[SANJI (NAMI)]
A what?
[BROOK] I thought that slimes
were limited to the realm
of fantasy,
but apparently not.
I read a book about a slime,
and it looked just
like that one.
There's nothing
else it could be.
[SANJI (NAMI)]
Huh.
[BROOK] The book was
quite fascinating.
I couldn't put it down.
This slime, you see, loved to
attack beautiful women.
Its body fluids were harmless,
but they had a knack
for melting clothes.
[BROOK chuckles]
Naughty!
[BROOK shrieks]
[SANJI (NAMI)]
Whoa.
That monster is
pretty messed up, huh?
Uh, by the way, can I
borrow that book?
Could I borrow it, too?
Would you shut up? Just look.
[ALL chuckling]
[ZORO]
If that thing touches you,
it's gonna do a lot worse
than just melt your clothes.
The fish are dying from
the little pieces of itself
that dropped in the lake.
[ZORO]
The thing's made of poison.
It only takes a drop to kill and
it looks like it's spreading.
It's poison?
Wait, but the samurai's
torso is in that lake.
[KIN'EMON gasps]
[gasps]
[gasps] Surely not!
You're diving in? Sanji!
I brought him with us,
so I can't let him die here.
I may be a woman right now,
but it's time to man up!
I'm proud of you.
Handle the ones behind you.
I won't be too long.
[BROOK]
Huh? Behind me?
[BROOK yelps]
A veritable bevy of mini slimes!
When did they get here?
Nami. I'm sorry.
But still, I'm the strongest
swimmer on the crew.
I swear. I'll be done
before anything happens
to your gorgeous body!
[BROOK]
Careful! Good luck down there!
[KIN'EMON] He dove into
that poisonous water
without a second thought.
I'm unworthy of such kindness.
[SANJI (NAMI)] This is even
colder than it looks!
I better make this quick.
[BROOK] They, ah, seem to
be coming right for us.
[ZORO] Yeah, what are
we gonna do about it?
[BROOK]
Excellent question.
[whimpers]
[LAW]
Monet's alone.
This is my chance.
[MONET]
Sorry, the Master's not here.
[LAW]
Yeah? Where'd he go?
[MONET] Probably
outside to watch the fight.
That degenerate can't get
enough death and destruction.
That's all right,
I don't need him.
I think I'll be taking off soon.
I've seen everything.
I'm through with this place.
Shame. It'll be lonely
without you.
[LAW] I could use your help
with something first, though.
Could I borrow you for a sec?
[MONET] What is this?
A date? Lucky me!
[MONET chuckles] A man of
few words, are we? Where to?
[LAW]
You'll see.
All right. I was bored, anyway.
[CHOPPER] That must be the bird
lady Usopp was talking about.
[CAESAR CLOWN yelps]
[CENTAUR AA]
S-Straw Hat caught the Master!
Way to go, Luffy!
Little punk! How dare you?
Crazy kid!
[CAESAR CLOWN grunts]
Let go, you fool!
Nuh-uh!
So that's haki. Caesar has
Logia powers, right?
But Luffy can still grab him,
even though he's made of gas.
[CENTAUR B] Back off,
Straw Hat! We'll shoot!
[CENTAURS gasp]
Hurry! Take him out, quick!
If you jerks wanna pick a fight,
then pick one with me!
And Clutch!
[MEN groan]
Outta my way!
[CENTAURS shout]
[FRANKY]
Heh! Luffy's got this one!
Caesar can't use his power!
Not exactly.
I wouldn't celebrate.
[FRANKY]
Huh?
With Armament Haki,
Luffy is able to touch Caesar,
even though he has Logia powers.
However, unlike ocean water
or sea prism stone,
it doesn't actually weaken
the person that he touches.
We don't know the full extent
of the Gas-Gas Fruit's power.
This is only the beginning.
[CAESAR CLOWN]
Don't get cocky, you brat!
Armament Hardening!
[LUFFY]
Gum-Gum...
...Bell!
[growls]
Gas Robe!
[gasps]
[MARINE A gasps]
No!
Dammit! One more time!
What's going on here?
I can't get away!
Luffy! Hold your breath!
That's poison gas!
[gasps]
Ah crap, that's deadly.
[LUFFY grunts]
Nice try, but you
can't escape me!
Once the Gas Robe has you in its
poisonous clutches, it's over!
You can't hold your
breath forever!
[LUFFY grunts]
Just suck it up and
die already, would you?
[grunting]
[CAESAR CLOWN]
I promise it'll be fun!
For me.
Luffy!
Dammit!
[CAESAR CLOWN] I've performed
countless experiments,
and I can assure you that
my gas will subject you
to only the most
exquisite of suffering!
[grunting continues]
Please, give it a try!
Oh, I can't wait to see this.
[grunts]
[CAESAR CLOWN]
Heh?
I think he's lost his mind!
No joke! He's done for!
He's sucking up all of it!
He's screwed now!
I'm afraid to watch!
You're dead meat, kid!
I hope you're proud of yourself!
[grunting]
Suffer! Die!
[CENTAURS]
What...? What?!
[gasps]
[coughs]
Neat. I guess poison doesn't
bother me too much anymore.
[LUFFY]
Probably 'cause of Magellan.
Magellan? The prison guard
with the paramythia powers?
My poison's potency
makes his look puny!
[LUFFY]
Now, Gum-Gum...
...Jet Mace!
[CAESAR CLOWN growns]
[CENTAURS]
Master!
[grunts]
Hell, yeah!
How dare you! We won't let you
lay another finger on him!
Kill 'im dead!
Come on everyone, attack!
[CENTAURS]
Yeah!
[CAESAR CLOWN] Mind your
own business, you maggots!
[CENTAUR P]
Master?
[CAESAR CLOWN breathes deeply]
He didn't just call
us maggots, did he?
We must have heard him wrong.
[CAESAR CLOWN breathes deeply]
[CAESAR CLOWN]
Swallow my poison, will you?
You shouldn't mock
my Gas-Gas powers!
I'll put you in your place!
Armament Hardening!
Gum-Gum...!
Let's go!
[LUFFY]
...Gatling!
And Gastanet!
[LUFFY]
Huh?
[ALL grunting]
[laughs]
[LUFFY grunts]
[BOTH]
Luffy!
All right, Master!
[CAESAR CLOWN] I think we've
had enough fun for today.
Wake up, my Smilies! Wake up!
Smilies? Huh?
[CENTAURS, MARINES]
Huh?
They're moving!
How did he do that?
Very good! Now give
Straw Hat a big hug! Go!
They can follow orders?
I thought they were just goop!
[LUFFY grunts]
Luffy! Run away!
Those slime guys blow up!
[LUFFY grunts]
Luffy!
It's time to say goodbye!
Gastanet!
[ALL shouting]
Luffy!
[CAESAR CLOWN laughs]
[gasps]
[grunts]
[BOTH gasp]
He's done! Too easy!
You ain't nothing but
a pile of ash, now!
I'd like to see you try
and swallow up that one!
[CENTAUR BB] That's what he
gets for comin' to our island!
If we can't beat ya, then the
Master's got our back!
What happened? He's gone.
[gasps]
That can't be right.
I have the finely-tuned
mind of a genius!
I would never lose to some
muscle-headed lout!
You have to respect science,
Straw Hat,
or this is what you get!
[CENTAURS] Master! Master!
Master! Master...!
Praise me more,
my underlings! Yes!
[laughs]
[LUFFY]
Wow, that was close, huh?
[CAESAR CLOWN]
What?
[LUFFY grunts]
[chuckles]
[CAESAR CLOWN]
What?
[CENTAURS]
[LUFFY]
All right.
Gum-Gum Jet Stamp!
[CAESAR CLOWN]
Huh?
[CAESAR CLOWN groans]
[CENTAURS]
No! Master!
[LUFFY] Those slimy
dudes blow up like crazy!
Look at that! Getting us
all worked up over nothing!
Luffy's got this in the bag!
I hope so.
Damn! That kid's tough!
Just let him handle this!
Round two!
You gotta fight us, too!
If that's what you want, sure!
[CENTAURS grunting]
[LUFFY grunts] Okay! I got
you for real this time!
[CENTAURS]
Master!
Robin! Franky! Is there
anything here I can put him in?
He's got Logia powers,
so we can't tie him up.
So like a barrel or something?
Whoa, whoa! Not so fast!
The Navy is taking him
into custody, so step back!
You might as well turn
yourself in while you're at it!
[MARINE I]
Hands up, pirate scum!
So what now? Do we fight
the Straw Hats, or not?
Dammit. What a mess.
Smoker, wait!
Looks like we got
a fight comin' up!
Follow Smokey and
the Captain! Let's go!
[MARINES]
Yeah!
[MARINE F] Hope you're
ready for a beatdown, pirate!
[laughs]
[LUFFY gasping]
Straw Hat?
[gasps]
What's wrong?
[LUFFY gasping]
[CAESAR CLOWN]
You shouldn't underestimate me.
Ha!
[gasping continues]
Luffy!
Oh, no!
[CAESAR CLOWN laughs]
[FRANKY] Okay. I'll do my best
to distract the gas man.
You grab Luffy and
get him out of there!
Be careful! We don't need
you to get poisoned too!
[FRANKY]
Punks! You get outta my way!
Don't you touch him!
[FRANKY] You're about
to eat a Strong... right!
[CENTAURS yell]
[FRANKY]
And you're next!
Franky Radical... Beam!
[ROBIN]
Wing!
I'm here.
[ROBIN gasps, coughs]
What the hell?
[MARINE E]
She just passed out!
I don't like the look of this.
Let me handle things.
Everyone here, step back!
[MARINES]
Right!
[TASHIGI (SMOKER) gasping]
Tashigi!
[CAESAR CLOWN laughs]
[MARINES]
Captain, no!
[CAESAR CLOWN laughs]
[FRANKY] What happened?
Are you okay?
Robin, say somethin'!
[FRANKY grunts]
Luffy!
[CAESAR CLOWN laughs]
Caesar!
Strong... Ri--
[gasps]
[CAESAR CLOWN laughs]
[SMOKER (TASHIGI)]
Crap. What's going on?
[SMOKER (TASHIGI) gasps]
[CAESAR CLOWN laughs]
[shouts]
[gasps]
[growls]
[SMOKER (TASHIGI) groans]
[CAESAR CLOWN laughs]
[CAESAR CLOWN]
I believe that's everyone.
[grunts]
[CAESAR CLOWN laughs]
[LAW grunts]
[MONET]
Law?
Who's there?
[MONET]
Something wrong?
[LAW grunts]
[MONET] Oh, my.
It seems you're in pain.
[grunts]
[LAW]
Show yourself! Who are you?
[footsteps]
[VERGO]
It's me.
[gasps]
Why are... you here? Why now?
[chuckles]
[VERGO]
How many years has it been?
Look at you, all grown up.
Law.
[gasps]
[NARRATOR] Sanji returns safely
from the poison filled lake,
but he and the others soon find
themslves surrounded by smilies
and unable to escape.
As despair fills the air,
the samurai unleashes
his true power.
[LUFFY]
On the next One Piece!
"A Samurai Who Can Cut Fire!
Foxfire Kin'emon!"
I'm gonna be
King of the Pirates!